"Again, we just thought that this is the Medicine Buddha's presence. It is the Medicine Buddha's
pureland. We really have to bring up that confidence. And confidence means that we are not letting
doubt and hesitation take over our mental status.
Doubt and hesitation is always doubt and hesitation. It undermines every situation and
circumstances in our even demanding lives when we do. When we have doubt and hesitation, that means
we are not completely sure. We are not going to fulfill that.
But when you don't have the doubt and hesitation, then things come very different ways. In this
time, this is why we have meditation practices, healing practices. We shouldn't let think that
doubt and hesitation is taking our practices.
And therefore, again, feel this is the Medicine Buddha's land, the pure land. This is the Medicine
Buddha. And all these images is the Medicine Buddha's content. And ourselves, in that status, bring
that confidence, that attitude, and then it will happen. It will bring the result of what we are
thinking or what we would like to achieve.